now Holly all there at model Lander just
give you a quick look at a build I've
just finished and weathered its the
eyetality freight line a heavy dumper
truck 1:24 scale it's their model kit
number three 783 they were throwing
these out of a local hobby shop on
special so I thought I'd grab one its
first build of a truck I've undertaken
since I was a teenager which is a long
time ago so a bit rough around the edges
a bit of a learning process but
nonetheless I found the kit quite good I
found the instructions quite good a
couple of little points with vague you
had to try and work it out for yourself
but generally the general thrust of it
was quite clear some nice box out there
you get a nice box see there the truck
itself decals went on well and so forth
nice lot of chrome bits on it the tip
out actually moves up that that moves up
and some of it you can see you can put
it up at different angles in the
someone's are they the front wheels you
can make to turn the actual sprues it
was about five six screws I found the
tie rods and so forth all very very
micro thinner but I suppose they're in
scale and I did snap one of them so just
be warned if you're going to attempt
just be careful that but is your basic
layout here instructions there's folds
right out here
right through seven steps and then you
reverse over to the rear it's a 14 step
procedure according to the instructions
so you finish the end part you do is the
back tipper
yeah over there let's yeah hold on all
quite good I did when I sprayed spray
there you can see the driver in there
the grass is a bit frosty I put a lot of
dirt around it but it is a tip truck
after all but yeah the tires are they be
synthetic rubber but the other rubbery
they came on well look someone there's
always room a bit but you lay out and
the front
it's not a bad kid I don't know if I
recommend it up for first-timers of old
folks like me trying to get back into
making models but nonetheless it took me
quite a while I just took my time over a
number of days nonetheless still quite a
nice kit and just be careful with the
fine parts in it they are very very thin
and very brittle thanks for watching